then just make their way to the ninja
hole
this ninja seems to be stuck the ninjas
run out of the rain and into their ninja
house
injured decide to play monopoly over 50
this is monopoly dude you sunk my
battleship I told you its monopoly can
you spot the ninja of it we found one
ninja can you help me find the other
ninjas can you see a ninja in this
picture where is this ninja how in
conspicuous now for the word of the day
inconspicuous I and see oh and ass p I
see ooh oh you s ii
where's this last ninja no he didn't the
ninjas are very bored what are we gonna
do then I have an idea why don't you
play Monopoly nah I've already done that
why don't you play hide and seek we did
that as well I have an idea why don't
you ask the whole county what to do
that's a great idea that's the Hokage Oh
grateful huggy we are in such a pickle
what would you like to know we've tried
Merle I've tried night and seek but
these games are not good enough for a
ninja wait I have an idea why don't you
do ninja training why this is a great
idea thank you okay ninjas start by
jumping over walls
flipping ninjas are my favorite ninja
fighting
some ninjas like to use their heads some
ninjas run up opponents some new news I
just plain retarded some ninjas can't
help but love their opponents
this ninja likes to stealth train the
ninjas are ninja jumping
after a long day's work don't you just
go to sleep